Update CCD page to contain ccdtools information + minor edits (#1164)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/model_evaluation/data/cryosphere_datapool.md

> # Cryosphere Community Datapool (CCD)

Author: Agreed - done.

## Prerequisites

- **NCI Account**

    To access the CCD, you need to [Set Up your NCI Account](https://docs.access-hive.org.au/getting_started/set_up_nci_account).

- **Join NCI projects**

    Join the following projects by requesting membership on their respective NCI project pages:
    
    - [av17](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/av17/join)
    - [cm45](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/cm45/join)

## CCD Python API `ccdtools`

> **ccdtools** is the open-source Python CCD interface developed by ACCESS-NRI that provides seamless access to the data located within the CCD from with your Python workflows and scripts. The **ccdtools** library offers an intuitive interface for discovering, accessing, and analysing diverse data sources including satellite observations, in-situ measurements, and model outputs. The package features a powerful dataset catalog system, enabling users to efficiently retrieve and work with data commonly used for ice sheet modelling, climate analysis, and cryospheric studies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_ccdtools_ is the open-source Python CCD interface developed by ACCESS-NRI that provides seamless access to the data located within the CCD from with your Python workflows and scripts. The _ccdtools_ library offers an intuitive interface for discovering, accessing, and analysing diverse data sources including satellite observations, in-situ measurements, and model outputs. The package features a powerful dataset catalog system, enabling users to efficiently retrieve and work with data commonly used for ice sheet modelling, climate analysis, and cryospheric studies.
```

> To learn more about **ccdtools** and get started, please visit the [ccdtools documentation](https://ccdtools.readthedocs.io/latest/) or visit the [ccdtools Github repository](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ccdtools) to get involved in the development!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about _ccdtools_, refer to its [documentation](https://ccdtools.readthedocs.io/latest/).
```
Contribution information is in the following paragraph "How to contribute"

Author: I would like to keep this in there as we want to maximise opportunities for community engagement.

Reviewer: Ok sounds good, then my suggested modification becomes:
```suggestion
To learn more and get started with _ccdtools_, refer to the [ccdtools documentation](https://ccdtools.readthedocs.io/latest/) or visit the [ccdtools Github repository](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/ccdtools) to get involved in the development!
```
